- What's wrong with the screen?
- What?
There's never been
static like this before.
Perhaps it's because it's an old monitor.
What is going on?
The surveillance monitors are malfunctioning.
Of course it is malfunctioning.
This is a mess!
Sir. let us resolve the issue.
you should not have to--
Hold on...
What is this?
I do not know.
This American espionage equipment
was found on
sovereign soil of
the Democratic People's Republic of Korea!
We demand an explanation
for this outrageous behavior!
She wants to know which screen.
Tell her the Democratic People's Republic
demands whoever did this to be punished!
She wants to send her people
into the module to search it.
No! We will countenance no intrusions
into our territory.
If the People's Republic of Korea
is intruded upon.
there will be devastating consequences.
The commander apologizes
for your inconvenience.
She says
she will convey your demands to NASA.
She's stalling.
Tell her
to immediately arrest and question
Helios technician Miles Dale. He's the
only one who has been in our module.
She is a useless tool
of the decadent capitalist system.
I will investigate this incident myself.
Commander Cho. your tea is ready.
ELEVATOR ACCESS RESTRICTED